[Music]
this window I'll meet you at the front
door just tell them you're going home
[Music]
Ross oh my god Ross what in heaven's
name are you doing here and that is why
we cannot see each other anymore
okay would you see if I got this
straight
I tell you to stay away from my daughter
or I'll have you fired
what you heard was take my daughter come
up to my country house and ruin my
weekend with Rachel okay please please
pull just let me explain
no let me explain fired look fine fine
have me fired but I want you to know
that you and I are not all that
different I mean I too am a neat guy
[Applause]
what and I too am just a Love Machine
raus let me show you where the guest
room is